Titolo

Windows Mixer


Descrizione breve

Windows Mixer allows you to control the default system mixer with your phone


Descrizione completa

Tired of 'Alt-Tabbing' from your game to change the volume of your music or your voice chat?
Windows Mixer allows you to control the default system mixer with your phone, with easy-to-use sliders and support for most applications.

Windows Mixer uses a light-weight client, install it on your PC and you are ready to go!
Download it here: https://goo.gl/EKNoYc


Instructions:

1) Download the Windows Mixer app from the Google Play Store.

2) Download and install the Windows Mixer Utility application, necessary to connect the Windows Mixer app to your PC (it requires Java installed). 
Windows Mixer Utility starts minimized in your system tray, and can be opened if needed by double-clicking on the system tray icon or by right-clicking it and choosing the "Show" option.

3) Connect both your PC and your android smartphone to the same network. The Windows Mixer Utility and the Windows Mixer app should show the "Connected" label. 
After a few seconds, the applications producing sounds on your PC should show in both your Windows Mixer Utility and Windows Mixer app, where you can set the volume. 
To switch between applications on your Windows Mixer app, simply tap on an application's icon.

4) In the Windows Mixer Utility application you can rename your applications so that they can be more easily recognized on your Windows Mixer app. 
To do that, simply left-click on an application name. It should appear "Insert new name". Place your cursor on the text and modify it, then press enter. After a few seconds your Windows Mixer app should refresh and the new name should appear.


FAQ:

- There are 6 apps on my Windows Mixer Utility, but my Windows Mixer app only shows 4 of them. What should I do?
By tapping on the application icons in your Windows Mixer app you can switch to another application.

- My app and the Windows Mixer Utility can't connect to each other. What should I do?
Make sure both devices are connected to the same network. If they are, check your firewall: allow the Java Platform SE binary to communicate both with private networks and public networks. If you can't modify it, try to reinstall Java.

-My application is shown in the default system mixer, but is not present on my app. Why?
Windows Mixer is refreshed every 20 seconds, you may need to wait before the app is shown. 
Sometimes applications need to physically produce sound in order to show up in Windows Mixer. When a sound is played, they should appear in Windows Mixer.

- There are several instances of my application shown in the default system mixer, but only one is shown on Windows Mixer. Why?
Some applications show many instances in the default system mixer, but modifying only one of them has an effect on every instance (for example: Firefox).

- Can I control multiple PCs with Windows Mixer?
No. It may be an upcoming feature.

- I want to report a bug, what should I do?
Send an email to eg0applications@gmail.com.